hello mr. super scoopers I'm
individually certified international
interim rigoberto this is the next
installment a foreign gamer review or in
game review where are you don't know I
would like to find you ok I'm here to
talk about one of the most unsettling
game since all Emily's Lee in my country
we call it wiggle de bellota but I
suppose you probably think of it that's
what could basically be described as a
bunch of Aztecs playing basketball with
human heads anyway the similarly
disturbing game I'm talking about today
is Super Mario Brothers for the nests
and my first immediate issue with this
deeply troubling game is the promotion
of fascist political regimes this
Italian dictator must happily throughout
the countryside crushing the brown
laborers what they are working and
searching for coins to feed their
families it is someone you met race
privilege and oppression of the common
people the more coins is dictator
collects the more lives he gets much
like the health care system in this
country not to mention the multiple
attempts to overthrow what i can assume
to be a democratically elected king of
turtles which are particularly sacred to
my people mean I will never forget the
first turtle related spiritual
experience in my own life I was only a
boy wandering around in the nature when
this turtle not unlike the one stomped
on their foot by this bloodthirsty
dictators Super Mario this turtle met my
gaze with an intensity like nothing I
had ever imagined eventually we made our
way back through the perilous valley mr.
turtle under my own the entire time and
even though I never found out what
happened to my clothes it was one of the
most powerful experiences of my life to
a conclusion I can't recommend the game
that promotes fascist dictatorships and
the wanton destruction of sacred animal
guides at least the other game on this
cartridge duck hunt teaches gamers about
you but lesson in survival and even
still
they could talk them a lot more about
how the each part of the doc could be
used for food and clothing so I mean I
still had a lot of issues with the
writing all in all I would probably say
through and one-half thumbs that's all
the time that we have for today mr.
super scoopers I'll see you later there
you are